This privacy policy describes the app's privacy data related policies and practices, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and / or disclose personal information about you collected through the mobile app. Please read our privacy policy carefully.
How to collect your personal information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.
When you use the App, we will collect your personal information, such as email address and phone number, during the registration process. To protect your privacy, you should not provide any other information except as specifically requested.
This application has no registration function, so we will not collect your personal information, please rest assured.
How to use your personal information
1. Send you mobile app service information through your personal information.
Third, personal information security
Keeping your personal data safe is important to us. When you enter personal data in a mobile app, we encrypt it using Secure Sockets Layer Technology (SSL).
During the two phases of data transmission and data storage, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards, such as firewalls, encryption, and data privacy legal requirements.
However, no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, although we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable manner, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of the information.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes in this policy, on the website, and where we deem appropriate, so that you understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances We will disclose this information.
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check back often. If major changes are made to this policy, we will inform you by push message.
V. Privacy issues
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at zhong1996ek@163.com.
